What is web development, and why is it essential in the context of the internet ?
-web development is creating website, web applications, and it is separated in two steps : 
Front-End : the visible part and users-interactive part (HTML CSS JAVAscript)
Back-End : the invisible part that only admins and developpers can see (PHP, python , node.js)
-it's essential because today every person uses website : to make money like E-commerce,
to study like Forums, Youtube, Wikipedia , to follow news,to get more credibility as a new organisation
to communicate..etc in short web development is the foundation of internet, the futur of every projet
and it is a big part of modern world

Have you heard of HTML? If yes, what does HTML stand for, and what is its primary purpose in web development?
-Yes, HTML is used to structure and gives the website layout in another words we can say that web development
is a body, and HTML is the bones and without him it won't work and website won't know how to display anything

Are you familiar with CSS? If yes, briefly explain what CSS is used for in web development.
-A little bit, CSS is used to design the website, give it a soul by decorating everything we can that
CSS is the hair color, eyes color, skin, the beauty of the body

Have you heard of JavaScript? If yes, what is JavaScript, and why is it crucial for building interactive websites?
-A little bit, Java is crucial because he gives the interactivity he is the link between everything he makes it more dynamic by changing without refreshing etc..
in a body he is the brain so it is very crucial

Are you familiar with React and Node.js? If yes, provide a brief description of what React and Node.js are commonly used for in web development
-For this one, No i don't have any idea about react, Node.js i only know that Node.js is used in back-End

Why do you want to learn web development, and what do you hope to achieve by acquiring skills in HTML, CSS, JavaScript, React, and Node.js?
-for true.. i want to be one the biggest web developpers in the earth.. i want to know everything about it 
to make it a job and then be able to make money, make websites for fun, discover new things about making websites, upgrade some websites, make new projects
and why not another day have a school where i can teach all what i know

Thank you !